updated various broken links (#2194)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/kafka/kafka-mirrormaker/reference/known-issues.rst

MirrorMaker 2 may translate offsets incorrectly if LAG shows negative on the target cluster
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

> The following are known issues that are expected to be resolved in version 3.3.0. See  :doc:`recommended tuning paramters</docs/products/kafka/kafka-mirrormaker/concepts/mirrormaker2-tuning>` to minimize hitting this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are known issues that are expected to be resolved in version 3.3.0. See  :doc:`recommended tuning paramters</docs/products/kafka/kafka-mirrormaker/concepts/mirrormaker2-tuning>`  to mitigate the impact of these issues.
```
